com/example/EpicDoodles/FoodModel.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.FoodModel
com/example/EpicDoodles/AddInventoryActivity.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.AddInventoryActivity
 com.example.EpicDoodles.AddInventoryActivity$1
 com.example.EpicDoodles.AddInventoryActivity$2
 com.example.EpicDoodles.AddInventoryActivity$3
 com.example.EpicDoodles.AddInventoryActivity$4
com/example/EpicDoodles/databinding/ActivityAddInventoryBinding.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.databinding.ActivityAddInventoryBinding
com/example/EpicDoodles/EmployeeModel.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.EmployeeModel
com/example/EpicDoodles/databinding/ActivityEmployeeBinding.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.databinding.ActivityEmployeeBinding
com/example/EpicDoodles/InventoryModel.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.InventoryModel
com/example/EpicDoodles/FoodActivity.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.FoodActivity
 com.example.EpicDoodles.FoodActivity$1
 com.example.EpicDoodles.FoodActivity$2
com/example/EpicDoodles/databinding/UpdatePopupBinding.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.databinding.UpdatePopupBinding
com/example/EpicDoodles/databinding/FoodItemBinding.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.databinding.FoodItemBinding
com/example/EpicDoodles/databinding/EmployeeItemBinding.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.databinding.EmployeeItemBinding
com/example/EpicDoodles/EmployeeActivity.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.EmployeeActivity
 com.example.EpicDoodles.EmployeeActivity$1
 com.example.EpicDoodles.EmployeeActivity$2
com/example/EpicDoodles/databinding/InventoryItemBinding.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.databinding.InventoryItemBinding
com/example/EpicDoodles/MainActivity.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.MainActivity
 com.example.EpicDoodles.MainActivity$1
 com.example.EpicDoodles.MainActivity$2
 com.example.EpicDoodles.MainActivity$3
com/example/EpicDoodles/databinding/EmployeeUpdatePopupBinding.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.databinding.EmployeeUpdatePopupBinding
com/example/EpicDoodles/InventoryAdapter.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.InventoryAdapter
 com.example.EpicDoodles.InventoryAdapter$1
 com.example.EpicDoodles.InventoryAdapter$1$1
 com.example.EpicDoodles.InventoryAdapter$1$1$1
 com.example.EpicDoodles.InventoryAdapter$1$1$2
 com.example.EpicDoodles.InventoryAdapter$2
 com.example.EpicDoodles.InventoryAdapter$2$1
 com.example.EpicDoodles.InventoryAdapter$2$2
 com.example.EpicDoodles.InventoryAdapter$myViewHolder
com/example/EpicDoodles/AddEmployeeActivity.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.AddEmployeeActivity
 com.example.EpicDoodles.AddEmployeeActivity$1
 com.example.EpicDoodles.AddEmployeeActivity$2
 com.example.EpicDoodles.AddEmployeeActivity$3
 com.example.EpicDoodles.AddEmployeeActivity$4
com/example/EpicDoodles/databinding/InventoryUpdatePopupBinding.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.databinding.InventoryUpdatePopupBinding
com/example/EpicDoodles/databinding/ActivityInventoryBinding.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.databinding.ActivityInventoryBinding
com/example/EpicDoodles/AddFoodActivity.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.AddFoodActivity
 com.example.EpicDoodles.AddFoodActivity$1
 com.example.EpicDoodles.AddFoodActivity$2
 com.example.EpicDoodles.AddFoodActivity$3
 com.example.EpicDoodles.AddFoodActivity$4
com/example/EpicDoodles/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.BuildConfig
com/example/EpicDoodles/FoodAdapter.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.FoodAdapter
 com.example.EpicDoodles.FoodAdapter$1
 com.example.EpicDoodles.FoodAdapter$1$1
 com.example.EpicDoodles.FoodAdapter$1$1$1
 com.example.EpicDoodles.FoodAdapter$1$1$2
 com.example.EpicDoodles.FoodAdapter$2
 com.example.EpicDoodles.FoodAdapter$2$1
 com.example.EpicDoodles.FoodAdapter$2$2
 com.example.EpicDoodles.FoodAdapter$myViewHolder
com/example/EpicDoodles/EmployeeAdapter.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.EmployeeAdapter
 com.example.EpicDoodles.EmployeeAdapter$1
 com.example.EpicDoodles.EmployeeAdapter$1$1
 com.example.EpicDoodles.EmployeeAdapter$1$1$1
 com.example.EpicDoodles.EmployeeAdapter$1$1$2
 com.example.EpicDoodles.EmployeeAdapter$2
 com.example.EpicDoodles.EmployeeAdapter$2$1
 com.example.EpicDoodles.EmployeeAdapter$2$2
 com.example.EpicDoodles.EmployeeAdapter$myViewHolder
com/example/EpicDoodles/databinding/ActivityAddEmployeeBinding.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.databinding.ActivityAddEmployeeBinding
com/example/EpicDoodles/databinding/ActivityFoodBinding.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.databinding.ActivityFoodBinding
com/example/EpicDoodles/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/EpicDoodles/databinding/ActivityAddBinding.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.databinding.ActivityAddBinding
com/example/EpicDoodles/InventoryActivity.java
 com.example.EpicDoodles.InventoryActivity
 com.example.EpicDoodles.InventoryActivity$1
 com.example.EpicDoodles.InventoryActivity$2
